Project concept:60's retro ,pages,http://www.fontspace.com/category/60s
pdf mockup
install npm webserver
node models
how bootstrap components reuse,override
https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=music+venue+icon&client=firefox-b-ab&dcr=0&tbm=isch&source=iu&pf=m&ictx=1&fir=F9N61D2rjzTemM%253A%252CegckZu0JRCH2SM%252C_&usg=__MdJUwm-bEUQ4iVde27DcAXpPj2U%3D&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjn8vDAkoLXAhWmF8AKHW8rDYQQ9QEIODAH&biw=1655&bih=878#imgrc=F9N61D2rjzTemM:

Final Project For Stream One
In this unit the students are given the guidelines for their stream one project

Project Brief
The project guidelines are as follows:

In this project you’ll be building a frontend-only website using the technologies that you have learned throughout Stream 1.

You can either choose to use the example brief below or you can use your own idea for the website.

    Create A Website For A Band

    Build a static (front-end only) website for a band. As a starting point, you may want to use wireframes, as we did in the UX lesson (you can use Balsamiq or any other tool, including just pen and paper). You can use either your own assets or the assets in the following GitHub repo (https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/project-assets).

    The band is a 1960’s rock band and have around 50 years experience of performing live at numerous events around the world. You have been given the following requirements after interviews with the client’s representatives:
        Their primary target audience are their fans and potential fans who wish to use the site to see and hear clips from their back catalogue, and any new material as it becomes available.
        In addition, the band would like to use the site to showcase their music and publicise their availability to perform at events such as weddings and Christmas parties.

    The band has provided you, the developer, with the following assets that they would like to showcase on their website:
        Photos of the band members
        A video clip
        Audio clips

    The band would also like to publicise upcoming gigs in the future. They would like users to be able to contact them with potential work related leads. The site should contain the ability to check on the band’s availability for future bookings and costs associated with various types of booking. To do this the band would like you to create a contact form which will take all of the details, such as, name, email, date, event type. Based on this data, the site will inform the user whether or not the date is available and the cost estimate for the event. All of this should be done using client-side JavaScript (no backend.)

    In addition, they are in the process of creating a social media presence and would like to add links to their Facebook, Twitter and YouTube pages.
    Create Your Own Project (Recommended)

    If you choose to create your own project, the scope should be similar to that of the example brief above. If you want some ideas, please ask your mentor for advice and direction.

Project Guidelines

    Create a website of around 4-5 pages, or (if using a single scrolling page) these should be separate page areas
    Incorporate main navigation and grid layout (you might want to use Flexbox or Bootstrap to accomplish this)
    Include at least one form with validation. Since you are not expected to build a backend for the project, all this form needs to do is inform the user of whether or not the data was submitted successfully (i.e. passed validation)
    Use semantic HTML5 markup.
    Make sure your site is as responsive as possible. You can test this by checking the site on different screen sizes and browsers.
    The site should contain your own custom JavaScript logic – include at least one interactive component on your site that is based on non-trivial javascript logic. You can write this logic either inside an Angular controller/service, or in a separate js file.
    You should conduct and document tests to ensure that all of you websites functionality works well. Automated testing using frameworks such as Jasmine are preferable, but properly documented manual tests are also acceptable.
    Write a README.md file for your project that explains what the project does and the need that it fulfills. It should also describe the functionality of the project, as well as the technologies used. Detail how the project was deployed and tested and if some of the work was based off other code, explain what was kept and/or how it was changed to fit your need. A project submitted without a README.md file will FAIL.
    Use Git & GitHub for version control. Each new piece of functionality should be in a separate commit.
    Deploy the final version of your code to a hosting platform such as GitHub Pages.

Additional Advice

    We advise that you create wireframes before embarking on full blown development.
    Incorporate as much as you have learned in our lessons.
    The site can also make use of CSS and JavaScript libraries/frameworks such as jQuery/Angular, just make sure you maintain a clear separation between the library code and your own code.
    Please refer back to your mentor to get constant feedback as you progress
    Don’t forget to use your mentor’s help. Your mentor can act as:
        Your client
        Your technical consultant

Diploma Assessment & Project Submission Guide
Portfolio Guidelines

The Code Institute Diploma in Software Development is based on completion of three project assignments, one to be completed at the conclusion of each section of learning. Each project assignment will demand demonstration of the required knowledge and competency for the topics included within that Section.

The three submitted projects will reflect the topics covered in Code Institute Diploma in Software Development, Syllabus Version 1.0, and will combine to provide a final portfolio of each student’s work at the conclusion of the programme.

Students are required to successfully complete all 3 projects (achieving a minimum pass grade of 50% in each case) in order to be awarded the certification.


Portfolio Submission Deadline

To complete the certification, a portfolio of all three projects must be submitted for marking on or before the Portfolio Submission Deadline.

Classroom Students – the Portfolio Submission Deadline is 20 working days after the final lecture for a course.

Mentored Online Students – there are 6 submission dates per year:

    25th February
    25th April
    25th June
    25th August
    25th October
    15th December

Please note that these dates apply to mentored online students only, not classroom students. Mentored Online students will be required to submit final versions of their project work by the published Portfolio Deadline Submission date and no alterations should be made following that date.


Project Grades and Marking Scheme

Project work will be assessed after the final submission deadline and component projects will contribute to the overall grade as follows:

    Project 1 ­ 20% (front-end only)
    Project 2 ­ 40% (both front-end and back-end criteria)
    Project 3 ­ 40% (both front-end and back-end criteria)

Students must score a minimum pass grade of 50% in each project in order to achieve the
certification standard. Final Certification grades will be awarded as follows, based on the overall grade:

    0% – 49%: Fail
    50% – 59%: Pass
    60% – 69%: Merit
    70% – 100%: Distinction
